[IMP] general: access rights update grammar and images (#7985)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/users/access_rights.rst

   order to make changes on another user's settings for access rights.

   To access this setting, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Manage users --> select a
   user --> Access Rights tab --> Administration section --> Administration field`.

   Once at the setting, an already existing administrator **must** change the setting in the
   :guilabel:`Administration` field to :guilabel:`Access Rights`.

   Once complete, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the changes, and implement the user as an
   administrator.

Users
=====

The access rights for :ref:`individual users <users/add-individual>` are set when the user is added
to the database, but they can be adjusted at any point in the user's profile.

To make changes to a user's rights, click on the desired user to edit their profile.

.. image:: access_rights/navigate-to-users-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Users menu in the Users & Companies section of the Settings app of Odoo.

On the user's profile page, in the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab, scroll down to view the current
permissions.

For each app, use the drop-down menu to select what level of permission this user should have. The

> options vary for each section, yet the most common are: *Blank/None*, *User: Own Documents*, *User:
> All Documents*, or *Administrator*.

Reviewer: Updating these to guilabels since these are the most common drop-down menu options on this UI.
```suggestion
options vary for each section, yet the most common are: :guilabel:`Blank/None`, :guilabel:`User: Own
Documents`, :guilabel:`User: All Documents`, or :guilabel:`Administrator`.
```

     :guilabel:`Model` column. The :guilabel:`Model` technical name can be found by expanding the
     model common name, which can be done by clicking the :guilabel:`(external link)` icon.

     The model technical name can also be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`.

     On a form, navigate to any field, and hover over the field name. A box of backend information
     reveals itself with the specific Odoo :guilabel:`Object` name in the backend. This is the
     technical name of the model that should be added.

     .. image:: access_rights/technical-info.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Technical information shown on a field of a model, with object highlighted.

- :guilabel:`Record Rules`: lists the second layer of editing and visibility rights.
  :guilabel:`Record Rules` overwrite, or refine, the group's access rights. Click :guilabel:`Add a
  line` to add a record rule to this group. For each rule, choose values for the following options:

  - :guilabel:`Apply for Read`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Write`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Create`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Delete`.

  .. important::

>      Record rules are written using a *domain*, or conditions that filter data. A domain expression
>      is a list of such conditions. For example:
>      `[('mrp_production_ids', 'in', user.partner_id.commercial_partner_id.production_ids.ids)]`
>      This record rule is to enable MRP consumption warnings for subcontractors.

Reviewer: Add an empty line above and below the rule code, just so it formats a little nicer :)
```suggestion
     Record rules are written using a *domain*, or conditions that filter data. A domain expression
     is a list of such conditions. For example:

     `[('mrp_production_ids', 'in', user.partner_id.commercial_partner_id.production_ids.ids)]`

     This record rule is to enable MRP consumption warnings for subcontractors.
```

to the database, but they can be adjusted at any point in the user's profile.

To make changes to a user's rights, first activate Odoo's :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`,
then go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Users & Companies --> Users`. Click on the user to edit.

.. image:: access_rights/navigate-to-users-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: In developer mode, go to the settings page and click Users and Companies, then Users.

At the user's profile page, click on the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab and scroll down to view the
current permissions. For each app, use the drop-down menu to select what level of permission this
user should have. The options vary for each section yet the most common are: *Blank/None*, *User:
Own Documents*, *User: All Documents*, or *Administrator*.

Administration includes either :guilabel:`Settings` or :guilabel:`Access Rights`.

.. image:: access_rights/user-permissions-dropdown-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Open the drop-down menu next to each app to set the user's level of permissions.

Creating and modifying groups
=============================

> Groups are app-specific sets of permissions that are used to manage common access rights for a large

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Groups* are app-specific sets of permissions that are used to manage common access rights for a large
```
(Totally optional, but since you are defining the term, I thought it made sense to italicize the first usage)

  as well.
- :guilabel:`Menus` tab: Defines which menus/models the group can have access to.
- :guilabel:`Views` tab: Lists which views in Odoo the group has access too.
- :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab: Lists the first level of rights (models) that this group has access
  rights to. In this tab, the :guilabel:`Model` column represents the common name of the menu/model,
  and the :guilabel:`Name` column represents the technical name given to the model. For each model,
  enable the following options as appropriate:

  - :guilabel:`Read`: Users can see the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Write`: Users can edit the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Create`: Users can create new values for the object.
  - :guilabel:`Delete`: Users can delete values for the object.

  .. tip::
     First try searching for the common name of the model in the drop-down menu of the
     :guilabel:`Model` column. The :guilabel:`Model` technical name can be found by expanding the
     model common name by clicking the :guilabel:`expand` button.

     The model technical name can also be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. On a

>      form navigate to any field, and hover over the field name. A box of backend information will
>      reveal itself with the specific Odoo :guilabel:`Object` name in the backend. This is the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     form navigate to any field, and hover over the field name. A box of backend information
     reveals itself with the specific Odoo :guilabel:`Object` name in the backend. This is the
```

     technical name of the model that should be added.

- :guilabel:`Record Rules`: Lists the second layer of editing and visibility rights. Record Rules
  overwrite, or refine, the group's *Access Rights*. For each rule, choose values for the following
  options:

  - :guilabel:`Apply for Read`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Write`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Create`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Delete`.

  .. important::
     Record rules are written using a *Domain*, or conditions that filter data. A domain expression
     is a list of such conditions. Users without knowledge of domains and domain expressions should
     consult an Odoo Business Analyst or the Odoo Support Team before making changes.

Superuser mode
==============

*Superuser mode* allows the user to bypass record rules and access rights. To activate *Superuser

> mode* first, activate :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. Then navigate to the bug menu in the

Author: Good catch, this is the debug menu.

Access Rights
=============

*Access rights* are permissions that determine the content and applications users can access and
edit. In Odoo, these permissions can be set for individual users or for groups of users. Limiting
permissions to only those who need them ensures that users do not modify or delete anything they

> should not have access to. Only an *administrator* can change access rights.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
should not have access to. 

**Only** an *administrator* can change access rights.
```

.. danger::
   Making changes to access rights can have a detrimental impact on the database. This includes
   *impotent admin*, which means that no user in the database can make changes to the access rights.

>    For this reason, Odoo recommends contacting an Odoo Business Analyst or our Support Team before

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   For this reason, Odoo recommends contacting an Odoo Business Analyst, or our Support Team, before
```

   making changes.

.. tip::

>    A user must have :guilabel:`Access Rights` under :guilabel:`Administration` access rights in
>    order to make changes on another user's access rights settings. To access this setting, navigate
>    to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Manage users --> User --> Access Rights tab -->
>    Administration`. Once at the setting, an already existing administrator must change the setting
>    under :guilabel:`Administration` to :guilabel:`Access Rights`. :guilabel:`Save` the changes to
>    implement the user as an administrator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   A user **must** have the specific *Administration* access rights set on their user profile, in
   order to make changes on another user's access rights settings.
   
   To access this setting, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Manage users --> Select a
   User --> Access Rights tab --> Administration section --> Administration field`. 
   
   Once at the setting, an already existing administrator **must** change the setting in the
   :guilabel:`Administration` field to :guilabel:`Access Rights`. 
   
   Once complete, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the changes, and implement the user as an
   administrator.
```

Users
=====

The :ref:`Access Rights <users/add-individual>` for individual users are set when the user is added
to the database, but they can be adjusted at any point in the user's profile.

To make changes to a user's rights, first activate Odoo's :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`,

> then go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Users & Companies --> Users`. Click on the user to edit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
then go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Users & Companies --> Users`. Click on the desired user to edit their profile.
```

.. image:: access_rights/navigate-to-users-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: In developer mode, go to the settings page and click Users and Companies, then Users.

> At the user's profile page, click on the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab and scroll down to view the
> current permissions. For each app, use the drop-down menu to select what level of permission this
> user should have. The options vary for each section, yet the most common are: *Blank/None*, *User:
> Own Documents*, *User: All Documents*, or *Administrator*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the user's profile page, in the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab, scroll down to view the current
permissions.

For each app, use the drop-down menu to select what level of permission this user should have. The
options vary for each section, yet the most common are: *Blank/None*, *User:
Own Documents*, *User: All Documents*, or *Administrator*.
```

> Administration includes either :guilabel:`Settings` or :guilabel:`Access Rights`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Administration` field in the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab has the following options: :guilabel:`Settings` or :guilabel:`Access Rights`.
```

Reviewer 3: Is there a reason this suggested change wasn't implemented?

.. image:: access_rights/user-permissions-dropdown-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Open the drop-down menu next to each app to set the user's level of permissions.

> Creating and modifying groups
> =============================

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create and modify groups
========================
```

Reviewer 3: same here -- we're supposed to avoid using words ending in "-ing" as section titles

*Groups* are app-specific sets of permissions that are used to manage common access rights for a

> large amount of users. Administrators can modify the existing groups in Odoo or create new ones to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
large amount of users. Administrators can modify the existing groups in Odoo, or create new ones to
```

Reviewer 3: same question here

define rules for models within an application.

To access groups, first activate Odoo's :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`, then go to

> :menuselection:`Settings --> Users & Companies --> Groups`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Settings app --> Users & Companies --> Groups`.
```

Reviewer 3: same question here, as well

.. image:: access_rights/click-users-and-companies.png
   :align: center
   :alt: In developer mode, go to the settings page and click Users and Companies, then Groups.

> To create a new group, click :guilabel:`New`, select an application, and complete the New Group form
> (detailed below). To modify existing groups, click on a group and edit the contents of the form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create a new group from the :guilabel:`Groups` page, click :guilabel:`Create`. Then, from the
blank group form, select an :guilabel:`Application`, and complete the group form (detailed below).

To modify existing groups, click on an existing group from the list displayed on the
:guilabel:`Groups` page, and edit the contents of the form.
```

Reviewer 3: might be beneficial to also mention/explain what the Name and Share Group fields represent on the Group form (above the tabs)

Reviewer 3: 👀

.. important::
   Always test the settings being changed to ensure they are being applied to the correct users.

The group form contains multiple tabs for managing all elements of the group. In each tab, click

> :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a new row for users or rules, and click the :guilabel:`X` icon to

Reviewer 3: is there a way to use an 'x' emoji here?

remove a row.

.. image:: access_rights/groups-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click each tab in the groups form to modify the settings of the group.

> - :guilabel:`Users` tab: lists the current users in the group, users listed in black have
>   administrative rights. Users without administrative access appear in blue.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Users` tab: lists the current users in the group. Users listed in black have
  administrative rights. Users without administrative access appear in blue.
```

Reviewer 3: I know you allude to this in a generic way above, but it could be nice to quickly add that you can add users by clicking 'add a line' and so on... just to round everything out

- :guilabel:`Inherited` tab: inherited means that users added to this group are automatically added
  to the groups listed on this tab.

  .. example::

>      For example: If the group *Sales/Administrator* lists the group *Website/Restricted Editor* in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     For example, if the group *Sales/Administrator* lists the group *Website/Restricted Editor* in
```

>      its Inherited tab, then any users added to the *Sales/Administrator* group automatically

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     its :guilabel:`Inherited` tab, then any users added to the *Sales/Administrator* group automatically
```

>      receive access to the *Website/Restricted Editor* group as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     receive access to the *Website/Restricted Editor* group, as well.
```

Reviewer 3: again, i think it might be best for each tab, as it is explained/defined, that you mention how the user can add to/remove from, via the 'Add a Line' link and so on --- it would just provide additional context in these areas, and generally "up the value" of the doc.

- :guilabel:`Menus` tab: defines which menus/models the group can have access to.

> - :guilabel:`Views` tab: lists which views in Odoo the group has access too.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Views` tab: lists which views in Odoo the group has access to.
```

- :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab: lists the first level of rights (models) that this group has access
  rights to. In this tab, the :guilabel:`Model` column represents the common name of the menu/model,
  and the :guilabel:`Name` column represents the technical name given to the model. For each model,
  enable the following options as appropriate:

  - :guilabel:`Read`: users can see the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Write`: users can edit the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Create`: users can create new values for the object.
  - :guilabel:`Delete`: users can delete values for the object.

  .. tip::
     First try searching for the common name of the model in the drop-down menu of the
     :guilabel:`Model` column. The :guilabel:`Model` technical name can be found by expanding the

>      model common name by clicking the :guilabel:`expand` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     model common name by clicking the :guilabel:`expand` button, which is represented by a :guilabel:`arrow out of a box` icon.
```
is there an emoji we could use here? I know it's a fairly unique icon, so perhaps not -- but it could be worth looking into...

>      The model technical name can also be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. On a
>      form navigate to any field, and hover over the field name. A box of backend information reveals
>      itself with the specific Odoo :guilabel:`Object` name in the backend. This is the technical
>      name of the model that should be added.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     The model technical name can also be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`.
     
     On a form, navigate to any field, and hover over the field name. A box of backend information
     reveals itself with the specific Odoo :guilabel:`Object` name in the backend. This is the
     technical name of the model that should be added.
```
a screenshot example of this could prove beneficial

> - :guilabel:`Record Rules`: lists the second layer of editing and visibility rights. Record Rules

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Record Rules`: lists the second layer of editing and visibility rights. :guilabel:`Record Rules`
```

  overwrite, or refine, the group's *Access Rights*. For each rule, choose values for the following
  options:

  - :guilabel:`Apply for Read`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Write`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Create`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Delete`.

  .. important::
     Record rules are written using a *Domain*, or conditions that filter data. A domain expression

>      is a list of such conditions. Users without knowledge of domains and domain expressions should

Reviewer 3: "A domain expression is a list of such conditions" seems like a slightly confusing sentence. Is there a way to reword this to enhance its clarity?

Author: I've added in an example of a record rule and referenced the record rule library.

>      consult an Odoo Business Analyst or the Odoo Support Team before making changes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     consult an Odoo Business Analyst, or the Odoo Support Team, before making changes.
```

Superuser mode
==============

*Superuser mode* allows the user to bypass record rules and access rights. To activate *Superuser

> mode*, first, activate :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. Then navigate to the :guilabel:`🪲
> (debug)` menu in the top banner. The :guilabel:`🪲 (debug)` menu can be accessed by clicking on the
> :guilabel:`🪲 (debug)` icon. Finally, towards the bottom click :guilabel:`Become Superuser`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
mode*, first, activate :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. Then, navigate to the
:guilabel:`Debug` menu, represented by a :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon, located in the top banner. The
menu can be accessed by clicking on the :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon. 

Finally, towards the bottom of the menu, click :guilabel:`Become Superuser`.
```

.. important::

>    Only users with :guilabel:`Settings` access for the Administration section of the *Access Rights*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Only users with *Settings* access for the *Administration* section of the *Access Rights* (in their user profile)
```
using italics here because they are being referenced and aren't **currently** being shown on the screen/UI

   are allowed to log in to *Superuser mode*.

.. danger::

>    *Superuser mode* allows for circumvention of record rules and access rights, and therefore should

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   *Superuser mode* allows for circumvention of record rules and access rights, and therefore, should
```

>    be exercised with extreme caution. Upon exiting *Superuser mode*, users may be locked out of the
>    database due to changes that were made. This can cause *impotent admin*, or an administrator
>    without the ability to change access rights/settings. In this case contact Odoo Support here:
>    `new help ticket <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_. The support team will be able to restore access
>    using a support login.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   be exercised with extreme caution.
   
   Upon exiting *Superuser mode*, users may be locked out of the database, due to changes that were
   made. This can cause *impotent admin*, or an administrator without the ability to change access
   rights/settings. 
   
   In this case contact Odoo Support here: `new help ticket <https://www.odoo.com/help>`_. The
   support team is able to restore access using a support login.
```

> To leave *Superuser mode*, log out of the account by navigating to the upper right corner and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To leave *Superuser mode*, log out of the account, by navigating to the upper-right corner, and
```

> clicking on the :guilabel:`OdooBot` username, then click :guilabel:`Log out`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
clicking on the :guilabel:`OdooBot` username. Then, select the :guilabel:`Log out` option.
```

.. tip::

>    An alternative to using the :guilabel:`🪲 (debug)` menu to activate *Superuser mode* is to login as

Reviewer 2: line is over 100 characters

>    An alternative to using the :guilabel:`🪲 (debug)` menu to activate *Superuser mode* is to login
>    as a superuser. To do so navigate to the login screen and enter the appropriate :guilabel:`Email`
>    and :guilabel:`Password`. Instead of clicking :guilabel:`Login`, click :guilabel:`Log in as
>    superuser`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   An alternative way to activate *Superuser mode* is to login as a superuser. To do that, navigate
   to the login screen, and enter the appropriate :guilabel:`Email` and :guilabel:`Password`.
   
   Instead of clicking :guilabel:`Login`, click :guilabel:`Log in as superuser`.
```

Access Rights
=============

*Access rights* are permissions that determine the content and applications users can access and
edit. In Odoo, these permissions can be set for individual users or for groups of users. Limiting
permissions to only those who need them ensures that users do not modify or delete anything they
should not have access to.

**Only** an *administrator* can change access rights.

.. danger::
   Making changes to access rights can have a detrimental impact on the database. This includes
   *impotent admin*, which means that no user in the database can make changes to the access rights.
   For this reason, Odoo recommends contacting an Odoo Business Analyst, or our Support Team, before
   making changes.

.. tip::
   A user **must** have the specific *Administration* access rights set on their user profile, in

>    order to make changes on another user's access rights settings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   order to make changes on another user's settings for access rights.
```

> Access Rights

Reviewer: Sentence case headings please
```suggestion
Access rights
```

=============

*Access rights* are permissions that determine the content and applications users can access and
edit. In Odoo, these permissions can be set for individual users or for groups of users. Limiting
permissions to only those who need them ensures that users do not modify or delete anything they
should not have access to.

**Only** an *administrator* can change access rights.

.. danger::
   Making changes to access rights can have a detrimental impact on the database. This includes
   *impotent admin*, which means that no user in the database can make changes to the access rights.
   For this reason, Odoo recommends contacting an Odoo Business Analyst, or our Support Team, before
   making changes.

.. tip::
   A user **must** have the specific *Administration* access rights set on their user profile, in
   order to make changes on another user's settings for access rights.

>    To access this setting, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Manage users --> Select a
>    User --> Access Rights tab --> Administration section --> Administration field`.

Reviewer: Lowercase non-ui text in a menuselection please :)
```suggestion
   To access this setting, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Manage users --> select a
   user --> Access Rights tab --> Administration section --> Administration field`.
```

   Once at the setting, an already existing administrator **must** change the setting in the
   :guilabel:`Administration` field to :guilabel:`Access Rights`.

   Once complete, click :guilabel:`Save` to save the changes, and implement the user as an
   administrator.

Users
=====

> The :ref:`Access Rights <users/add-individual>` for individual users are set when the user is added

Reviewer: I think the ref would make more sense semantically on "individual users"
```suggestion
The access rights for :ref:`individual users <users/add-individual>` are set when the user is added
```

to the database, but they can be adjusted at any point in the user's profile.

To make changes to a user's rights, click on the desired user to edit their profile.

.. image:: access_rights/navigate-to-users-menu.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: In developer mode, go to the settings page and click Users and Companies, then Users.

Reviewer: While a descriptive alt text is greatly appreciated, [it should not repeat the previous sentence instruction](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/17.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#alt-tags), and it should just describe the image :)
```suggestion
   :alt: Users menu in the Users & Companies section of the Settings app of Odoo.
```

On the user's profile page, in the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab, scroll down to view the current
permissions.

For each app, use the drop-down menu to select what level of permission this user should have. The
options vary for each section, yet the most common are: *Blank/None*, *User: Own Documents*, *User:
All Documents*, or *Administrator*.

The :guilabel:`Administration` field in the :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab has the following options:
:guilabel:`Settings` or :guilabel:`Access Rights`.

.. image:: access_rights/user-permissions-dropdown-menu.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Open the drop-down menu next to each app to set the user's level of permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: The Sales apps drop-down menu to set the user's level of permissions.
```

Create and modify groups
========================

*Groups* are app-specific sets of permissions that are used to manage common access rights for a
large amount of users. Administrators can modify the existing groups in Odoo, or create new ones to
define rules for models within an application.

To access groups, first activate Odoo's :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`, then go to
:menuselection:`Settings app --> Users & Companies --> Groups`.

.. image:: access_rights/click-users-and-companies.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: In developer mode, go to the settings page and click Users and Companies, then Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Groups menu in the Users & Companies section of the Settings app of Odoo.
```

To create a new group from the :guilabel:`Groups` page, click :guilabel:`Create`. Then, from the
blank group form, select an :guilabel:`Application`, and complete the group form (detailed below).

To modify existing groups, click on an existing group from the list displayed on the
:guilabel:`Groups` page, and edit the contents of the form.

Enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the group and tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Share Group`, if
this group was created to set access rights for sharing data with some users.

.. important::
   Always test the settings being changed to ensure they are being applied to the correct users.

The group form contains multiple tabs for managing all elements of the group. In each tab, click

> :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a new row for users or rules, and click the :guilabel:`❌` icon to
> remove a row.

Reviewer: Please add an icon descriptor :)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Add a line` to add a new row for users or rules, and click the :guilabel:`❌ (remove)`
icon to remove a row.
```

.. image:: access_rights/groups-form.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Click each tab in the groups form to modify the settings of the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Tabs in the Groups form to modify the settings of the group.
```

- :guilabel:`Users` tab: lists the current users in the group. Users listed in black have
  administrative rights. Users without administrative access appear in blue. Click :guilabel:`Add a

>   line` to add *users* to this group.

Reviewer: I'd argue the italic "_users_" formatting is unnecessary here 
```suggestion
  line` to add users to this group.
```

- :guilabel:`Inherited` tab: inherited means that users added to this group are automatically added

>   to the groups listed on this tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to add *inherited groups*.

Reviewer: same as above
```suggestion
  to the groups listed on this tab. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to add inherited groups.
```

  .. example::
     For example, if the group *Sales/Administrator* lists the group *Website/Restricted Editor* in
     its :guilabel:`Inherited` tab, then any users added to the *Sales/Administrator* group
     automatically receive access to the *Website/Restricted Editor* group, as well.

- :guilabel:`Menus` tab: defines which menus/models the group can have access to. Click

>   :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a specific *menu*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a specific menu.
```

- :guilabel:`Views` tab: lists which views in Odoo the group has access to. Click :guilabel:`Add a

>   line` to add a *view* to the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  line` to add a view to the group.
```

- :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab: lists the first level of rights (models) that this group has access

>   rights to. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to link *access rights* to this group. In this tab, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  rights to. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to link access rights to this group. In this tab, the
```

  :guilabel:`Model` column represents the common name of the menu/model, and the :guilabel:`Name`
  column represents the technical name given to the model. For each model, enable the following
  options as appropriate:

  - :guilabel:`Read`: users can see the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Write`: users can edit the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Create`: users can create new values for the object.
  - :guilabel:`Delete`: users can delete values for the object.

  .. tip::
     First try searching for the common name of the model in the drop-down menu of the
     :guilabel:`Model` column. The :guilabel:`Model` technical name can be found by expanding the

>      model common name, which can be done by clicking the :guilabel:`expand` button, represented by
>      an :guilabel:`external link` icon.

Reviewer: There is no "expand" text on the UI, so no :guilabel:, can italicize since you are introducing an alias name for the **External Link** button 
```suggestion
     model common name, which can be done by clicking the *expand* button, represented by an
     :guilabel:`(external link)` icon.
```
or preferably...
```suggestion
     model common name, which can be done by clicking the :guilabel:`(external link)` icon.
```

     The model technical name can also be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`.

     On a form, navigate to any field, and hover over the field name. A box of backend information
     reveals itself with the specific Odoo :guilabel:`Object` name in the backend. This is the
     technical name of the model that should be added.

     .. image:: access_rights/technical-info.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Technical information shown on a field of a model, with object highlighted.

- :guilabel:`Record Rules`: lists the second layer of editing and visibility rights.

>   :guilabel:`Record Rules` overwrite, or refine, the group's *Access Rights*. Click :guilabel:`Add a
>   line` to add a *record rule* to this group. For each rule, choose values for the following
>   options:

Reviewer: No italics needed here
```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Record Rules` overwrite, or refine, the group's access rights. Click :guilabel:`Add a
  line` to add a record rule to this group. For each rule, choose values for the following options:
```

  - :guilabel:`Apply for Read`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Write`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Create`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Delete`.

  .. important::

>      *Record rules* are written using a *Domain*, or conditions that filter data. A domain
>      expression is a list of such conditions. For example:
>      `[('mrp_production_ids', 'in', user.partner_id.commercial_partner_id.production_ids.ids)]`.
>      This :guilabel:`Record Rule` is to enable *MRP Consumption Warnings for Subcontractors*.

Reviewer: Remove formatting and restructure. I don't see a reason for "MRP consumption warnings for subcontractors" to be title-cased or italicized
```suggestion
     Record rules are written using a *domain*, or conditions that filter data. A domain expression
     is a list of such conditions. For example:

     `[('mrp_production_ids', 'in', user.partner_id.commercial_partner_id.production_ids.ids)]`

     This record rule is to enable MRP consumption warnings for subcontractors.
```

>      Odoo has a library of preconfigured *record rules* for ease of use. Users without knowledge of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Odoo has a library of preconfigured record rules for ease of use. Users without knowledge of
```

     domains (and domain expressions) should consult an Odoo Business Analyst, or the Odoo Support
     Team, before making changes.

Superuser mode
==============

*Superuser mode* allows the user to bypass record rules and access rights. To activate *Superuser

> mode*, first, activate :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. Then, navigate to the
> :guilabel:`Debug` menu, represented by a :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon, located in the top banner. The
> menu can be accessed by clicking on the :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mode*, first, activate :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. Then, navigate to the *debug* menu,
represented by a :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon, located in the top banner.
```

:guilabel:`Settings` or :guilabel:`Access Rights`.

.. image:: access_rights/user-permissions-dropdown-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Open the drop-down menu next to each app to set the user's level of permissions.

Create and modify groups
========================

*Groups* are app-specific sets of permissions that are used to manage common access rights for a
large amount of users. Administrators can modify the existing groups in Odoo, or create new ones to
define rules for models within an application.

To access groups, first activate Odoo's :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`, then go to
:menuselection:`Settings app --> Users & Companies --> Groups`.

.. image:: access_rights/click-users-and-companies.png
   :align: center
   :alt: In developer mode, go to the settings page and click Users and Companies, then Groups.

To create a new group from the :guilabel:`Groups` page, click :guilabel:`Create`. Then, from the
blank group form, select an :guilabel:`Application`, and complete the group form (detailed below).

To modify existing groups, click on an existing group from the list displayed on the
:guilabel:`Groups` page, and edit the contents of the form.

> Enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the group and tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Share Group` if this

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Enter a :guilabel:`Name` for the group, and tick the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Share Group`, if this
```

- :guilabel:`Menus` tab: defines which menus/models the group can have access to. Click
  :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a specific *menu*.
- :guilabel:`Views` tab: lists which views in Odoo the group has access to. Click :guilabel:`Add a
  line` to add a *view* to the group.
- :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab: lists the first level of rights (models) that this group has access
  rights to. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to link *access rights* to this group. In this tab, the
  :guilabel:`Model` column represents the common name of the menu/model, and the :guilabel:`Name`
  column represents the technical name given to the model. For each model, enable the following
  options as appropriate:

  - :guilabel:`Read`: users can see the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Write`: users can edit the object's existing values.
  - :guilabel:`Create`: users can create new values for the object.
  - :guilabel:`Delete`: users can delete values for the object.

  .. tip::
     First try searching for the common name of the model in the drop-down menu of the
     :guilabel:`Model` column. The :guilabel:`Model` technical name can be found by expanding the

>      model common name by clicking the :guilabel:`expand` button, which is represented by a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     model common name, which can be done by clicking the :guilabel:`expand` button, represented by an
```

     :guilabel:`external link` icon.

     The model technical name can also be accessed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`.

     On a form, navigate to any field, and hover over the field name. A box of backend information
     reveals itself with the specific Odoo :guilabel:`Object` name in the backend. This is the
     technical name of the model that should be added.

     .. image:: access_rights/technical-info.png
        :align: center
        :alt: Technical information shown on a field of a model, with object highlighted.

- :guilabel:`Record Rules`: lists the second layer of editing and visibility rights.
  :guilabel:`Record Rules` overwrite, or refine, the group's *Access Rights*. Click :guilabel:`Add a
  line` to add a *record rule* to this group. For each rule, choose values for the following
  options:

  - :guilabel:`Apply for Read`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Write`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Create`.
  - :guilabel:`Apply for Delete`.

  .. important::

>      Record rules are written using a *Domain*, or conditions that filter data. A domain expression

Reviewer 3: Should this first use of Record rules be applied with a GUI, as well? The other uses of that term in this admonition are using a GUI. What do you think?

     is a list of such conditions. For example:
     `[('mrp_production_ids', 'in', user.partner_id.commercial_partner_id.production_ids.ids)]`.
     This :guilabel:`Record Rule` is to enable *MRP Consumption Warnings for Subcontractors*.

     Odoo has a library of preconfigured :guilabel:`Record Rules` for ease of use. Users without

>      knowledge of domains and domain expressions should consult an Odoo Business Analyst, or the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     knowledge of domains (and domain expressions) should consult an Odoo Business Analyst, or the
```

     Odoo Support Team, before making changes.

Superuser mode
==============

*Superuser mode* allows the user to bypass record rules and access rights. To activate *Superuser
mode*, first, activate :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. Then, navigate to the
:guilabel:`Debug` menu, represented by a :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon, located in the top banner. The
menu can be accessed by clicking on the :guilabel:`🪲 (bug)` icon.

Finally, towards the bottom of the menu, click :guilabel:`Become Superuser`.

.. important::
   Only users with *Settings* access for the *Administration* section of the *Access Rights* (in
   their user profile) are allowed to log in to *Superuser mode*.

.. danger::
   *Superuser mode* allows for circumvention of record rules and access rights, and therefore,

>    should    be exercised with extreme caution.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   should be exercised with extreme caution.
```
